trainer: Adding local mode guides (#4221)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/trainer/user-guides/local-execution-mode/_index.md

+++

> title = "Local Execution Mode"

Reviewer: Shall we call it Execute TrainJobs Locally, like in KFP: https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/user-guides/core-functions/execute-kfp-pipelines-locally/ ?

> description = "Run training jobs locally with Docker, Podman, or native Python processes"

Reviewer: Let's follow the order in the outline.

```suggestion
description = "Run TrainJobs locally with native Python process, Docker, or Podman"
```
